Finch, you got anything else?
That's about it.
These are from Sex Crimes.
- Thanks.
- We should
get moving. Fiona's already in court.
- Is Emma ready?
- I think so.
- Good luck with that.
- What's that supposed to mean?
Your witness. I'm just
saying, good luck.
Thanks for the vote of confidence.
What? She told the clinic to destroy
- her rape kit, didn't she?
- No, she told them
she wasn't filing a report
so they got rid of it.
- But then she changed her mind.
- It's normal for victims
of sexual assault to
change their mind, Aaron.
Yeah, I know that. But let's
hope the jury does too.
- What're you gettin' at, Finch?
- I'm just wondering
if she's gonna do more harm
than good as a witness.
Zach Graydon drugged,
raped and strangled
that poor girl. You think we
should ignore her testimony
- because of a missing kit?
- No! That's not what I meant.
- So what did you mean?
- What'd you mean?
Never mind. Why don't I
load these up for you?
Yeah. Do that.
- I'll go grab Emma.
- OK.
Hey, Emma. How's the coffee today?
- It's OK.
- Um... It's time to go.
Do you have anyone coming with
you to court today? I mean,
- your parents are coming, right?
- No. I haven't told them.
Well, just stick to what you said
in the preliminary inquiry
and you'll do great.
Promise.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,
the case you'll be
hearing today is simple.
On the evening of March the 15th
last year, the accused,
Zachary Graydon, drugged
sexually assaulted and murdered
by strangulation Beth Tremblay.
A college student in the prime
of her life,
whose body he then
re-dressed and abandoned
into the recycling bins
of her dormitory residence.
Now, some of you may already be
familiar with Mr. Graydon.
Some of you may even...
admire him. I mean, after all, he's
a rising hockey star, a good student,
a son, and a... friend to many.
But I ask that you
look beyond appearances
and pay attention to the facts.
Because soon, we will be
presenting you with
similar fact evidence
from our witness,
Ms. Emma Wright,
who was also drugged...
sexually assaulted
and left unconscious in a parking lot.
Luckily, she survived.
- Where's your witness?
- She's inside. Why?
- Everything OK?
- The defence attorney's
changed. Prelim attorney's now
junior counsel for the trial.
- What? How?
- I guess they decided to bring
- in the muscle. It happens.
- Great.
I don't care if that kid
in there is the next Gretzky,
we are not gonna make
this easy for him. OK?
Who is the new attorney then,
for the defence?
He's the guy
with all the hair product.
What's his name? Marc Savage.
Yeah, I think
that sounds right. Keep me posted.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Can you believe this?
You think he'd at least
- have the decency to tell me.
- Because he's always been
such a decent guy...
Look, I think we should
tell the prosecution.
Why? We're not doing anything illegal.
- Still, it is not ideal.
- I'm gonna be on the stand
in five minutes.
Does he even know about the baby?
- When are you gonna tell him?
- I don't know. OK? Soon.
Whatever. It's fine. I'm gonna
go in there. I'm gonna testify,
and I am going to destroy him.
Don't worry about it! I got this.
Detective Cooper, can you
state what was present
in Beth Tremblay's toxicology
report the morning of her death?
High blood alcohol and Rohypnol.
And why was the accused
a significant person of interest
- in relation to this report?
- He was the last one
to be seen with her
and his credit card statement
showed that he purchased her drink.
And Detective, you had the opportunity
to interview the accused, correct?
- Yes. Twice.
- Could you speak
to the two separate interviews
where the accused
described the last time he saw.
- Beth Tremblay?
- In his first interview,
he stated that he dropped
her off at her building
around midnight, leaving her
standing out front,
searching for her keys.
In his second statement, he said
that he actually saw her
enter the building,
after which he left.
Has there been any more
information obtained
with respect to the victim
entering her apartment building
- that night?
- Yes.
The building is a university residence
that uses an electronic
locking system.
Every entry is electronically recorded
to the tenants' specific cards.
Beth Tremblay's card
was found in her purse
when her body was discovered.
The card showed that the last time
she entered her residence
was not midnight,
as stated by the accused,
but rather 7:30PM.
Thank you, Detective. No
further questions, Your Honour.
Officer.
How long have you been
in the Homicide Division?
A year, but I've
been on the police force
- for almost a decade.
- And is it true
that your employment
with the Homicide Division
is currently probationary, pending
- a successful performance review?
- Yes.
So to be clear,
you've only been a homicide
detective for one year,
- and you are still on probation.
- Correct.
Officer, is it common
in your experience -
for rapists and murderers
to use their own credit card
to buy their victim drinks,
and then openly admit
to having sex with them?
Well, the murder may not
have been premeditated,
but the sexual assault was.
Any death resulting from sexual
- assault is first degree murder.
- I'm sorry Officer,
you didn't answer my question.
Is it common?
No.
No. Do you have any evidence,
in the toxicology report or otherwise,
that proves as a scientific
finding, who spiked.
- Ms. Tremblay's beverage?
- Mr. Graydon
was the last one with her,
and he bought her drink.
As a scientific finding, Officer.
No.
Do you have any CCTV or eyewitnesses
to prove who dropped
Ms. Tremblay's body
by the recycling bins
at the back of her dormitory?
No witnesses have
come forward at present.
So, no?
- Please state your answer.
- No.
Officer, did you say, "I hope the NHL"
accepts 40-year-olds"
to Mr. Graydon the night
he was taken into custody?
What?
No, I...
Because Mr. Graydon
insists that you did before...
- I didn't say that.
- Before he was even
interviewed, which would indicate
that you'd already made your
mind up that he was guilty.
And you've not looked into
any other suspect since.
This really typifies your attitude
to the entire instigation,
doesn't it? Which, from
the beginning, was biased
and filled with oversights
but all that could be attributed
to your lack of experience,
could it not? Officer?
What happened?
Um... I messed up.
Everyone gets nervous.
And to be fair,
you're the first cop I know
to be cross-examined
by her baby daddy.
Ha. Yeah, well. Good luck in there.
I'm gonna nail him. I'll come
and find you when I'm done, OK?
Mhm.
Detective Hall, you were one
of the first officers
at the scene of the crime
the morning Beth Tremblay's body
- was found, correct?
- Yes.
Exhibit 13, Your Honour.
These are the photos taken
of the deceased as she was found.
Detective, can you speak
to the state of the clothes the
victim was wearing at the time?
What struck me
upon examining the victim
was that she appeared
to have been redressed.
Her bra was fastened on a clasp
that she didn't use.
We could tell that because it
was very ill-fitting,
and also by a minor change
in colouration
on the third clasp.
Clearly, it had never
been exposed to her skin.
Also, her tights were on backwards.
The indention of the heel
was at the front of the foot,
leading us to believe that
someone else had put them on her
- after she'd been killed.
- Thank you, Detective.
Officer, is it possible
that an inebriated woman
could have put on her tights backwards
- while trying to get dressed?
- Beth Tremblay
was heavily drugged. She
probably wouldn't have been able
- to put on her tights at all.
- Thank you.
Do you have any evidence
that supports your claim
that Mr. Graydon
is responsible for this?
We know that he'd bought
Beth Tremblay a drink,
they had sex at his residence
and then he brought her home
at midnight. But she could
have easily gone out again.
After all, it was
a Friday night. Correct?
- Highly unlikely.
- You seem very confident.
Do you believe this was
a thorough investigation?
- Absolutely.
- And that you were in
a sound state of mind
while conducting it?
Of course.
Then perhaps you could
help me with a small
housekeeping matter. I seem
to be missing notes from you
- from April 19th to April 23rd.
- Your Honour, the defence
was presented a full set of notes.
Detective Hall, are we missing notes?
Your Honour, I was away
from the case during this time.
Would you clarify that, Ms. Hall?
- I was on a leave of absence.
- I believe it was stress leave.
Correct? To deal with the events
surrounding your son's
recent Autism diagnosis.
Your Honour, objection. Irrelevant.
- I'll allow it.
- Officer?
Officer, can you help the court
understand how you were
of sound mind, conducting
a thorough investigation
when you were, in fact,
on stress leave?
It was a formality.
I'd used up all of my official
leave, but I was still
entitled to stress leave.
But I can assure you,
I was completely of sound mind
- when I was conducting that case.
- And therefore, you thought it
was entirely acceptable to leave
this extremely complicated case
in the hands of an officer
on probation?
No further questions, Your Honour.
Marc just called me out
for taking leave during the case.
- Your notes were missing, so...
- No, no. No, Jac.
That does not explain how he
knew about my stress leave.
Only you and Fiona knew about that.
It was a mistake. OK?
It was back when Marc and I
were dating. You had
taken those days off work.
So I worked 48 hours straight
and he asked why.
But listen, he just
did the same thing to me.
I had already told him what I
said to Graydon and then he
- called me out for being biased.
- What?! You told him details
about the actual case?
And what did you say to that,
on the stand?
I denied it.
Right.
So, we could've had
Marc removed from the case
for using that information
but there goes that idea,
now that you just perjured yourself.
Stevie, I had no idea
he was going to end up
on the defence counsel! I mean,
what're the odds of that?!
- Not that bad, apparently!
- I wasn't thinking.
NO! You weren't.
You never do!
And yet I still
keep on fighting for you.
Every time Fiona says
that she wants to cut you loose,
I say "No, no, no. She's gonna"
be a great detective.
These are just growing pains."
Except this time,
I have to go and tell her
that a serial rapist
and murderer might just walk today
because you weren't thinking!
- This late in the day.
- What's going on?
Emma's testimony's been put
over 'til tomorrow.
Our private investigator
found this this morning.
Looks like the defence
already has it and it's admissible.
That's Emma partying with the accused.
Where did this come from?
It was in the archives of the
Tau Alpha Theta Facebook page.
Do you realize how serious this is?
You said in your hearing
that you didn't know him prior
to the evening of your assault.
- I didn't.
- So when did this happen?
I don't know!
It was probably during Frosh.
Zach would've been like
just another frat guy.
Emma, he's right behind you here.
Are you absolutely sure?
Because it looks to me
like you were on drugs.
I took a bit of Molly that
night but I've never done...
I'd never done it before.
I haven't since.
Did you have any physical interaction
- with Graydon that night at all?
- No!
I didn't. I remember that party.
I remember all of it.
It's not like I blacked out like...
like the next time.
OK. I'm sorry.
Go home. I'll be in touch later.
So... what does this
mean for the trial?
I won't lie. It's not good.
This photo makes Emma's
testimony questionable.
- Anything we can do?
- I know of a similar case
where a frat would put up
pictures in their basement
of girls who would be potential
targets for assault.
I might be able to make
the argument that this photo
means that she was a target,
but the problem
is there are no photos
of Beth Tremblay
up on the site, so it doesn't add up.
Well, we could do a sweep
of the frat website,
access deleted files, see if we
can find Beth there.
I'll see what the defence does
with the photo tomorrow, and...
if necessary, I'll make the argument
for premeditation later.
It's the best I can do for now.
I...
I said I'd be home for seven, so...
Yeah, sure. I'll catch up
with you tomorrow.
OK.
Sounds like a gong show.
You have no idea. Honestly, I
don't know why I even bother.
I should just let Fiona have her way
- and be done with it.
- Well, maybe you should.
No, I know that I should!
But then I'd be stuck
with some... meat-head gym rat
who chugs protein shakes for lunch.
I just can't believe that she
told him all that stuff.
Well... not to play
devil's advocate, but...
Whoa, whoa. I am still whining.
I mean, this was before she
knew what a dick he was, right?
- Yeah.
- Well, I mean, I get it.
Bad move, but... Come on.
I mean, wanting to share stuff
with your partner?
I feel like I'd make the same mistake.
Besides, you told me some things.
- Yeah.
- No, that is not the same.
Babe, I probably know the access code
to the evidence room at this point.
All right, all right, all right.
Fine.
I feel bad now. Am I the worst?
Yeah. Definitely. 100 percent.
It's the prosecution.
Detective Hall.
What? Why?
No. No, it's... it's fine.
I'll let her know.
I'll come and grab them from you now.
Thanks. Bye.
Let me guess. You gotta run.
Just when I thought that
my day could not get any worse,
our main witness is bailing.
I gotta go to the lawyer's
and then to Jac's and then I've
gotta head to the Division.
- I'm sorry.
- It's fine.
You sure?
Garlic.
Yeah. You should try it sometime,
keep the bloodsuckers away.
What are you doing here?
I was nearby. I figured
I should drop in, say hi,
and make sure we're
still good after today.
- Can I come in, please?
- No!
Just for five minutes. I
just want to talk to you.
No.
- Two minutes.
- No.
One minute, Jac. One minute?
I know how I am in court.
I just wanted to say to you
it is truly not personal.
Are you kidding me?
It's a job! We both know that.
We gotta play the game.
No. No. You took things
I said to you in confidence
and ran me through the mud
with them. You used me, Marc.
You're right. I shouldn't
have used those things.
That was wrong. But I never used you.
Never!
- I did give you my condo.
- And?
And maybe we all kind of pick
and choose our ethics a bit.
And maybe we should
just get over it already.
All I have been doing
is getting over it,
but you just keep showing up!
Isn't there a little part of
you that wants me to show up?
Jac... Jac...
I really wanted to see you.
I've missed you.
You're so crazy beautiful.
Don't.
Nobody can pull off sweats
the way you do.
- You're still totally rockin' it.
- Shut up.
Come here. Come here.
You made it almost impossible
for me to focus.
It was so hard for me
to focus up there today.
- It looked pretty easy to me.
- It's never easy with you, Jac.
I'm pregnant.
What?
Since when?
I don't know.
Since a couple nights
before the last supper, I guess.
Why didn't you tell me?
You made it pretty damn clear
you wanted nothing to do with me.
I was trying to get over it.
Jac...
you should've told me.
So...
are you...
you gonna...
Keep it?
Yeah.
Ahem.
OK.
Jac...
there's no way I can have another kid.
I can't do it.
I mean... are you sure it's even mine?
I was monogamous the whole
time that we were together!
And just so you know, I am
not asking you for anything.
- I want nothing from you.
- OK. OK. Look...
- Nothing!
- Just calm down, please.
I am begging you not to do this. OK?
Do you even really want a kid?
I mean...
You? A mother?
You need to get out. Now. Get out.
- Jac, look...
- Get out.
- Go, go, go!
- Can we just talk about this?
We have to talk about it!
Go home to your family!
Jac...
Back at work are we, Officer?
I told you I...
Stevie. What's going on?
Emma wants out.
She says that she will recant
if we force her to testify.
I came by to ask you to talk
to her. She trusts you and...
you've been on the case the
longest. But you know what,
this shipwreck can't be saved.
Stevie, I... I didn't...
I didn't tell him to come.
He just showed up.
I...
I told him about the baby.
I know I screwed up big.
I screwed up big. And I...
I was reckless.
I'm sorry I let you down.
Can we just figure this out
- inside for a second?
- Yeah. Yeah, come on.
Walk me through this,
what happens if Emma
- recants her evidence?
- We take a massive hit.
The prosecution will drop her
and the next witness
- will be called up.
- Which is a character witness
- for the defence, right?
- That's right, Miranda Towers.
She's engaged to Graydon's
best friend, the goalie.
- I think his name is... Taylor?
- Mhm.
So Kyle interviewed her
when he was at Sex Crimes.
She was at the same party
as Emma. You saw that, right?
- It's on the file.
- Hour 47 of the case
with no sleep. Besides,
doesn't the defence have
- like 15 character witnesses?
- Yeah, yeah.
- Something like that.
- All right.
Let's find her on social media
and see what we are up against.
Here we go, Miranda Towers.
It looks like she's auditioning
- for The Real Hockey Wives of Whatever.
- Yeah?
She's a fitness star,
over 40000 followers.
When was the party?
- October 12th?
- Yeah.
Well, she was competing in the
Wildcat Challenge the morning
of October 13th. I highly
doubt she was raging
until 3AM the night before.
How did I miss this?
Well, I was on stress leave
and you were circling
complete burnout.
I will take a closer look
at the Miranda interview but you
know what? We have got to deal
with Emma now. She is on her way
to the Division to recant, so...
This is Emma's original
prelim testimony.
She has got to stick to this.
Otherwise, we are done.
Understand, Detective Cooper?
Do you have this?
I got this.
Hey. Sorry. I know it's late,
but we don't have decaf here.
- That's OK.
- You sure
you don't want me to make you
some tea or something?
No. I don't really sleep anyway.
- Hey. You good?
- Yeah. Thanks, Finch.
Hey.
Long day?
So...
I hear you want to recant.
Yeah.
You know if you do this,
there's no going back.
You get dropped as a witness
and that is great news for Zach.
- They're gonna rip me apart.
- Well, cross-examinations
can be tough, but we'll
make sure you're prepared.
What if... he's right?
I was so happy that night
that he was even talking to me.
What if I... said
that I'd sleep with him
or... I don't know, maybe I did
imagine the whole thing.
No. You listen to me, OK?
You cannot consent
if you are drugged.
Besides, do you really think
that you imagined the bruises
around your neck?
Look, I...
I get what you're saying, I do, but...
Most days, I can't
even think straight.
I can't sleep. I can't eat. I can't...
I can't study. I can't focus.
I just... I... I can't do this.
I'm sorry. I can't.
You can do this, Emma.
Yeah, says the cop who blew it
on the stand today.
I heard that you
were a total disaster.
What are we doing here?
This is a joke!
So let's just forget it already.
No. Look, you came to me
because a girl you knew
had her life stolen,
and you couldn't stomach that.
I know it feels like
you have nothing, Emma,
but you still
have your voice.
Beth doesn't.
That's why you came forward
in the first place, isn't it?
Yeah.
What's this?
A transcript
from your preliminary hearing.
You're gonna memorize it. You're
gonna stick to it. And tomorrow,
you are gonna go in there
with your chin up.
- OK.
Good.
Follow me.
OK.
This interview is being taped
and recorded and may be given
in evidence if this case
is brought to trial.
We're in an interview room at the 14th
Division. My name is Detective Sergeant
Kyle Price. Please state
your full name.
Miranda Towers.
Miranda.
You said you were
at the Tau Alpha Theta party.
Did you see Emma Wright
while you were there?
Yeah, she was chatting with Zach.
What time was this?
I think it was around 9:30.
And do you remember
exactly what you drank?
Yeah. The punch
that was going around.
Zach brought me a cup.
I had a cup or two. It wasn't so bad.
Not bad. What kind of punch was it?
Um...
I'm not sure, actually.
It was grape, I guess.
It was purple and super sweet.
Actually... kind of gross.
And what happened
right after you drank it?
It's hazy. I was on the dance floor.
- I saw them on the dance floor.
- Yeah.
What kind of music was it?
- Miranda?
- Music was music.
They were playing a lot of hip-hop.
Um... that new Weeknd track
was playing.
How long did you two dance for?
Not long.
Um... I started to get dizzy
and...
Zach led me upstairs.
And then I passed out.
They were dancing all night.
It looked like they
were having a good time.
When you say all night,
can you be more specific?
I don't know.
Hours.
Zach's actually a really great dancer.
I woke up in some bed.
Zach was on top of me.
I could see his face. I could
smell the punch on his breath.
I...
I couldn't move because...
he, um...
he had his hands around my neck.
And after that, everything went black.
What time do you think they left?
Around 2AM.
Emma seemed fine.
She was laughing a lot.
After that, Taylor and I went home.
We'll be in touch if we
have any further questions.
- Hey.
- She is going to testify.
- Thank God.
- How 'bout you?
- Yeah, I've been taking a look
at hockey wife. She doesn't remember
what punch she was drinking.
She doesn't remember
what music was playing.
I don't buy it.
She's wearing
a fitness tracker. Most gym rats
don't take those off.
If we can get her hands on it,
it might have logged
her activity that night.
If she was wearing it.
That's a big if.
Well, those things
have a GPS too, so if she was
wearing it, we'll at least
know where she was.
OK. Well, I will get Kyle
to get a subpoena,
get it off her first thing
in the morning. If it proves
that she wasn't at the party,
we could get her for fabrication
of evidence. Throw a hole
in the defence.
Great. Sounds like a plan.
And Stevie, one more thing.
Can you say Kyle one more time
because every time you do,
your face looks like...
- Kyle!
- Wha...
Kyle.
I woke up on the grass
by the parking lot near the frat house
with my clothes on.
But, um, they were on all weird.
My belt was twisted and
my jeans were unbuttoned.
My bra was on inside out
and... my underwear
was missing entirely.
I had no idea how I got there,
so I... I just got up and walked home.
The next day,
I saw all of the bruising on my neck
and on my thighs
and I went to the clinic
to have a rape kit done,
but they said that it would
take a while to get
the DNA results back
and I missed a couple of calls
back from them
and I guess I wasn't
thinking straight, because
finally I just told them
that I wasn't gonna
file a police report.
And then five months later,
I heard that Beth
had died, and I heard
that Zach was the suspect.
And that's when I changed my mind
and I decided to come
forward to the police,
but, um...
but it was too late,
because they had destroyed
my kit at the clinic.
But I know that it was him.
Thank you.
Thank you, Ms. Wright.
The court will now take a short
break, and then the floor
is yours, Counsel.
OK. What's up?
We got the subpoena.
I got the fit tracker
off Miranda this morning.
And?
It turns out she was wearing
it the night of the party,
But she wasn't dancing all night.
She was sleeping in her dorm room.
These things track
sleep cycles too. Hers read.
"Deep rest cycle." It had her
heart rhythms and all.
6AM the next day, she was at
the Regional Park Race Course.
Doing uphill sprints.
Your girl's covering.
Ms. Wright.
Why did you take so long
to go to the police?
I didn't think it was worth it.
I'm sorry.
What do you mean by "worth it"?
Worth the pain.
Worth reliving it all again
and having no one believe me.
And the clinic destroyed
your sexual assault kit
because you told them you didn't
intend to go to the police. Correct?
I changed my mind
when I heard that Beth
had died, but by then,
the clinic had already
destroyed the kit.
I understand.
Defence Exhibit 4, Your Honour.
This is a photo
taken at a fraternity party.
Can you confirm that this
is you in the photo,
- Ms. Wright?
- Yes.
When was this party?
That was during Frosh,
the first week of fall semester.
So, one year prior
to your alleged incident
- with Mr. Graydon?
- Yes.
What is this in your mouth?
- It's a pacifier.
- Is that something
that partygoers
use to prevent themselves
from grinding their teeth
while they're on drugs?
Yes.
Were you on drugs
the evening this photo was taken?
Yes.
What kind of drugs
were you on, Ms. Wright?
- Molly.
- So...
Methylenedioxymethamphetamine,
also called Ecstacy.
Did you voluntarily take this drug?
That was the first
and only time that...
- Please state your answer, Ms. Wright.
- Yes.
There are several
people dancing in this
photo. Can you confirm
that the individual
directly behind you is,
in fact, Mr. Graydon?
Yes.
In your preliminary testimony,
you stated that you'd
never met Mr. Graydon before,
yet here you are together
one year earlier.
I had no idea who he was at the time.
This was during the first week
of school, so no one knew him.
So it was a coincidence, or...
you did know him, and you had
taken recreational drugs
with him. After all, you do seem
to enjoy yourself
at these campus events.
- Objection, Your Honour. Inflammatory.
- Sustained.
I didn't know him.
Ms. Wright, what exactly were
you studying at university?
English literature
and creative writing.
So you're a great storyteller.
You were on the dean's list.
And you were also
on scholarship, correct?
What does that have
to do with anything?
- Answer the question, please.
- Yes.
Did you recently lose
your scholarship?
I...
I w...
I was depressed after what...
- Please answer the question, yes or no.
- Yes.
It's convenient timing, isn't it?
Because if Mr. Graydon
were to be found guilty,
then you could pursue
civil action, which means
you could get a lot of money
in damages, couldn't you?
You think this is about money?
Well, that would certainly
make it "worth it."
- Objection, Your Honour. Speculation.
- Overruled.
Did your creativity help
you to spin a tragedy
about drugging and sexual
assault in order to obtain
- damages from Mr. Graydon?
- No. No! I would...
I would give a million dollars
just so I could
have my life back after that night.
Then why would you allow the clinic
to destroy your sexual assault kit?
That sounds like fiction.
Did you fabricate this story
to get away with an allegation of rape
without the burden
- of DNA evidence?
- No, I... No! I didn't!
You even managed to convince a rookie
detective currently on probation
that it was true. Didn't you?
It's a very compelling tale,
Ms. Wright.
No further questions, Your Honour.
Ahem. Let's take a 15 minute recess.
- Why won't you return my calls?
- I have nothing to say to you.
- I can't have another kid, Jac.
- Told you.
- I don't want anything from you.
- You've shown up
- at my house before.
- And once was enough.
You're ruining my life.
Get over it already.
- You OK?
- Yeah, fine.
How was the cross-examination?
Right. Well, I just
spoke to Kyle. Turns out
Miranda was wearing the fitness
tracker. And it was on a deep
sleep cycle during the time she
said she was at the party.
- That little...
- Yeah.
I know. We need to deal with her now.
She goes on the stand in an hour.
Some trial?
Pretty crazy.
You spoke to a colleague of ours
a while back, about the party
where Emma Wright
was assaulted. Correct?
- I already gave my statement.
- Are you aware
that lying to an officer
is a criminal offence?
And withholding evidence
about Zach is obstruction?
I don't know, Detective.
Obstruction's pretty sweet.
- Accessory to murder, though...
- Accessory?!
What? I didn't do anything.
We know that you weren't at the party.
You are about to testify
in a first-degree murder trial.
If it comes out that you're lying,
you're gonna be facing
some very serious consequences.
Why are you
- covering for Zach?
- I'm sorry.
- I can't...
- Can't what?
- If I say anything, they'll...
- Who's "they"?
Look, I know. I know I should
have said something earlier.
I know, it's just...
Look, I wasn't even supposed
to see it. They had no idea...
OK, slow down. Slow down.
What did you see?
No, you don't get it. They're really
great guys, I swear. They're just...
They get so wasted
and these girls, they just
throw themselves at them.
Like... I...
Look, I know them.
I know them. They're r...
What happened to Beth,
it must have been
a mistake, an accident.
Look, they would never actually...
You need to tell us
exactly what you know.
Taylor's my fiancé.
We have a future together.
We have plans.
He can't go to jail. Please, he can't.
Miranda, a girl is dead.
What do you know?
Have you guys seen Miranda?
Amelia, you need to see this.
Your Honour, may we meet in chambers?
Your Honour, we've recently
been given new evidence
related to the testimony of Ms. Wright
- that we would like to disclose.
- I beg your pardon...
That was accidentally sent
to Miranda Towers as part
of a group message on the night
of Emma Wright's assault.
Miranda's fiancé, Taylor Hargrove,
was filming it. Emma is unconscious.
Your Honour, I have no idea
where this evidence comes from,
- and this approach to discovery...
- Detectives Hall and Cooper
are filing a property form
as we speak.
Given the late disclosure
to the defence,
this is clearly
grounds for a mistrial.
I understand that, Mr. Savage,
but you're aware
that this is very serious.
The defendant will be facing
multiple charges
of sexual assault regardless.
Now, how would you like to proceed?
I think I'll need to confer
with my client, Your Honour.
So...
Looks like sentencing
will be in about a week.
But there's gonna
be a new murder trial?
Yeah. Not for a while, though.
But we did a sweep of the photos
on the frat site
and we found one of Beth,
so we should be able
to prove that these assaults
were premeditated. When Beth's case
goes to trial... will you
be willing to testify again?
Um...
Yeah.
Can I still watch the video?
Are you sure?
I just... I need to know
that I didn't make this up.
It's all cued up.
I'll be right outside, OK?
Yo, hold up guys! I'm
filming this! Hold on! Hold on!
Zach! Hey, Zach! Heyyy!
She's fine. She's fine.
- Yo, yo. I'm good. I'm good.
- Hold her up.
- I've got her!
- Hold her!
Someone give him a hand.
- She's fine.
- Hey. Help him, help him.
Hey! Get her up. Get her up.
Get her up.
There you go!
There you go.
There she is.
Hey.
You OK?
Need a ride home or anything?
Actually, my parents are outside.
Take it easy, Detective.
Yeah. You too.
Hey, Stevie. You get the
statement from Miranda yet?
Yes. But we can't charge her.
Taylor confirmed that he sent
the video to her by mistake,
so she had no legal obligation
to share it with us.
I'm guessing the wedding's off, then.
Yeah, I guess so. She'll get over it.
Everyone does, right?
Night night, Stevie.
Goodnight, Kyle.
Stevie?!
Jac? I thought you'd gone home.
It's the baby.
I'm... I'm bleeding.
Something's wrong.
OK. Come on.
Let's get you out of here.
Subtitle sync and corrections by
awaqeded for www.addic7ed.com.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org